# Building a Chain Expander application using Websocket API and .NET C# 

Websocket API for Pricing Streaming and Real-Time Service aka Websocket API is a server-side API that provides an interface to create direct WebSocket access to any OMM Content WebSocket server running on LSEG Real-Time Advanced Distribution Server. The API leverages standard JSON and WebSocket protocols to be easy to implement and understand. It does mean the software developer can use any programming language with the WebSocket API. It requires a JSON parser with a Client WebSocket library for connecting to the server. It sends or receives data using a message specification provided on the WebSocket API Developer Guide.

This article provides a sample application that illustrates how to use WebSocket API to retrieve Chain Records and get underlying RIC symbols. The use case is a solution for one of the popular questions regarding how we can automatically retrieve a list of all RIC symbols available on the real-time data feed. There is no capability on the data feed to provide all RIC symbols available for the user. However, there is a choice for the user to expand Chain RIC for a specific market index or Stock Exchange and then get a list of RIC symbols instead. Anyway, the user has to know Chain RIC in advance. If you are not familiar with the Chain, you can find additional details from the About Chain article. It is a well-explained article about Chain RIC and its usage. Our sample application applies the methods described in the article with the WebSocket API to expand Chain RIC.

For the full article, please refer to [this page](https://developers.lseg.com/en/article-catalog/article/building-chain-expander-application-using-elektron-websocket-api-and-net-core-c). 
